You might need to use your brain for some of this.

In the “browse” tab (majors): things like “common misconceptions, pros and challenges, work site, skills you’ll develop, top canadian schools, degrees and time to complete, and related majors are all not changing with each major… For example, ocean engineering and mechanical engineering have the same “top canadian schools” just because they’re in the same “engineering” subset.

Also, make the “about (major) a bit more thorough. For example, computer engineering’s is “Combine hardware and software — chip design, embedded systems, computer architecture, and the electronics behind every device you use.”. Make this about 2x longer (and the others, which are one sentence).

And furthermore: For the browse tab (majors), DESCRIBE the job outlook in addition to mentioning it. For example, for computer science, talk how it’s being taken over by AI and its future. and for pharmacy, say how it’s excellent due to medical stuff always being

The “programs offered” (in the universities browse tab) should be a dropdown.
In general, all information on the “univerisities” browse tab should be MUCH more thorough and organized. For example, the “about” section for most universities is only 1 sentence!! It should be at least 4. 

Also, make it so that in the “universities” tab (in the selections), there is a square with an arrow inside (on the bottom right corner of the university, beside the “Website ↗”) link. Clicking this square will teleport the user to the “browse” section for that specific university.

It will work the same way with the majors (in the selections tab); on the bottom right corner of the name of every major (not just the big subsets), there should be a button with a square and an arrow inside. Pressing this button shall move the user to the “browse” tab for that specific major.

And one last small change: Make sure the distance from home is ACCURATE. Use the street address, not the postal code/city (If they didn’t mention the street address, use the postal code).